Add an official dockerfile (#887)
apple/foundationdb: packaging/docker/README.md

# Overview

This directory provides a Docker image for running FoundationDB.

> The image in this directory is based on Ubuntu 18.0.4, but the commands and

Reviewer: Minor nitpick.

```suggestion
The image in this directory is based on Ubuntu 18.04, but the commands and
```

scripts used to build it should be suitable for most other distros with small
tweaks to the installation of dependencies.

The image relies on the following dependencies:

*	bash
*	wget
*	dig
*	glibc

# Build Configuration

This image supports several build arguments for build-time configuration.

### FDB_VERSION

The version of FoundationDB to install in the container. This is required.

### FDB_WEBSITE

The base URL for the FoundationDB website. The default is
`https://www.foundationdb.org`.

### FDB_ADDITIONAL_VERSIONS

A list of additional client library versions to include in this image. These
libraries will be in a special multiversion library folder.

# Runtime Configuration

This image supports several environment variables for run-time configuration.

### FDB_PORT

The port that FoundationDB should bind to. The default is 4500. 

> ### FDB_NETWORKING

Reviewer: This seems to have changed from `FDB_NETWORKING` to `FDB_NETWORKING_MODE`.

```suggestion
### FDB_NETWORKING_MODE
```

A networking mode that controls what address FoundationDB listens on. If this
is `container` (the default), then the server will listen on its public IP
within the docker network, and will only be accessible from other containers.

If this is `host`, then the server will listen on `127.0.0.1`, and will not be
accessible from other containers. You should use `host` networking mode if you
want to access your container from your host machine, and you should also
map the port to the same port on your host machine when you run the container.

### FDB_COORDINATOR

A name of another FDB instance to use as a coordinator process. This can be
helpful when setting up a larger cluster inside a docker network, for instance
when using Docker Compose. The name you provide must be resolvable through the
DNS on the container you are running.

# Copying Into Other Images

You can also use this image to provide files for images that are clients of a
FoundationDB cluster, by using the `from` argument of the `COPY` command. Some

> files you may want to copy are:

Author: I don't know if it's the best way, but I think it's worth having it as one way. They'll still be available on our website for people to download directly, but copying them from our docker images may have some caching advantages. I think ultimately the question of how the client libraries get into the client image will be dependent on how the client is building and deploying their apps, so we'll want to be flexible on that point.
